Performance Evaluation of Minimum Delivery Delay Multipath TCP Scheduler Implemented in Linux Kernel
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The main motivation for implementing MPTCP is to improve robustness and performance
or throughput of end-to-end connections. This allows to use multiple interfaces at the same
time by using same existed TCP. It also allows to use maximum network resources along
with increasing redundancy and resilience. In case of portable devices e.g. Smart phones,
Tablets, Laptops etc can have smooth connection without loosing application connectivity
because of MPTCP.

The MPTCP splits the transport layer into two sublayers where the upper sublayer is
responsible for gathering the information necessary to manage the connection and operates 
end-to-end and the lower sublayer is responsible for managing the subflows. In order
to manage the multiple TCP subflows below the MPTCP extension has to implement
congestion control, packet scheduling, path management etc. The congestion control function
is responsible for maintaining the congestion across the subflows and packet scheduler
schedule packet to the subflows. This is why the MPTCP implementation need to be more
efficient in case of Congestion Control and Scheduling data over subflow. MPTCP provides
a number of subflows which can be used to send data but can not select the best subflow.
That is the reason a good scheduler is necessary. Several scheduler already in theory and
some are in practice (e.g. Shortest Round Trip Time scheduler in Linux). These schedulers
are not efficient in all types of network scenarios. So, more schedulers need to implemented
and analysed with different scenarios.


Whats include here
--------------------
1. Linux Kernel source code where Delivery Delay Based scheduler is implemented
2. Linux Kernel source code of print statement of different parameter 
3. Compiled 3 different Linux Kernel
4. Bash (.sh) scripts to filter data from linux system log (syslog) file
5. Bash (.sh) scripts to draw plot from filtered data obtain linux system log (syslog) file
6. Performance comparison slides among other existing MPTCP schedulers in Linux Kernel 
e.g. Round Robin, Shortest Round Trip Time
